[The Legend of Rosy Clouds]
[Episode 16]
A banquet for all exam candidates
is held tonight at Huan'e House.
Is that true?
Hurry up.
-Let's go.
For ten years you've honed your blade,
Your budding bloom's scent
lingers soft and mild.
May all of you pass the selection exam
And have your names inscribed
on the golden roll!
Great.
Come on, cheers.
-Drink up.
Come on, another round.
Hope we all make the list!
Another round, brother!
Why aren't you drinking?
I can't hold my liquor.
-I can't...
-C'mon, drink!
Everyone, tonight,
we eat, drink and enjoy!
Okay, come on.
Come on.
I truly can't drink any more.
This one's mine.
Guardian Corps!
Hurry upstairs! Hurry!
Everyone, move fast!
Move!
Hurry!
Young healer!
Are you okay, Tian Xing?
Tian Xing!
It's Tian Yue.
Tian Yue.
Let's go.
Get up, quick.
Go upstairs and hide.
I never stop you taking jobs
to earn money regarding the Exam Tokens.
But not a single hair
on the woman in the portrait
can be harmed.
If even one strand of her hair falls
to the ground,
bring me your heads.
Yes, sir.
I...
Hold still.
The portrait.
[Pine Wind for Ten Miles]
Shadow Slay League.
Gao Ran.
I heard you were at Huan'e House tonight.
♪ Wind sheds rain like tears ♪
♪ Over the whole town ♪
♪ At the second our gazes meet ♪
♪ Past memories roar one louder beat ♪
Let me see your wound.
No need.
A young lady
sneaking into a man's chamber at midnight
will ruin your reputation.
You...
Let me check it.
♪ Wind sheds rain like tears ♪
It's...
Nasty cut.
♪ Over the whole town ♪
♪ At the second our gazes meet ♪
♪ Past memories roar one louder beat ♪
Half an inch deep into the flesh.
Luckily no bones are hurt,
♪ Perhaps hearts long to seek ♪
but wash it with clean water
♪ Etch within our fingertips ♪
to avoid infection.
♪ Hear crisp footsteps echo clear ♪
No need.
I'll tend to it myself.
♪ Strike out on a fearless
dream's frontier ♪
Can you even see well enough?
I don't like others touching me.
♪ Though fleeting years rush
without delay ♪
You'll get used to it.
♪ A wisp of softness tints
your brow each day ♪
I won't.
♪ Walk side by side with moon and sun ♪
You have to.
♪ When all is said and all is done ♪
♪ We'll ride upstream and downs ♪
♪ When deep love dwells within our eyes ♪
♪ Our burning longing never dies ♪
♪ Wander together through wind and frost ♪
♪ Every dark night fades at last ♪
♪ When fate resides within our sight ♪
♪ Gazing toward each
other's distant light ♪
♪ Why would heaven and earth seek
to be with you to save us ♪
♪ Don't let the sun down ♪
♪ Wind sheds rain like tears ♪
♪ Over the whole town ♪
♪ At the second our gazes meet ♪
♪ Past memories roar one louder beat ♪
♪ Perhaps hearts long to seek ♪
♪ Etch within our fingertips ♪
♪ Hear crisp footsteps echo clear ♪
♪ Strike out on a fearless
dream's frontier ♪
♪ Though fleeting years rush
without delay ♪
♪ A wisp of softness tints
your brow each day ♪
♪ Walk side by side with moon and sun ♪
Alright then.
Damn Shadow Slay League.
♪ When all is said and all is done ♪
Thank goodness they didn't scar your face.
Otherwise,
I'd hunt them to the ends of the earth.
Miss Wei,
isn’t judging people by their looks
rather biased?
If not looks,
then what?
Some people
look noble
yet live to slaughter;
Some soft and pretty
yet have hearts of vipers;
But some
plain-looking
yet loyal to the bone.
Many wear
fine appearances
hiding rotten souls.
Hearts can shift,
but looks
are born to stay.
You’re born one way,
and you grow up that way.
I’ll always prefer handsome faces.
Shallow.
Can good-looking folk
not turn to banditry?
Someone with your face
could never be
truly wicked.
Do you truly know me?
I don't,
but
I can feel something.
Miss Wei,
the hour grows late.
I have official duties to attend to.
Farewell.
This is your room.
What happened here?
Hold still.
I got this.
I... Your Excellency.
Your Excellency.
Are you wounded?
What happened?
I'm unharmed,
Your Excellency, rest easy.
This was your so-called plan?
Why didn't you warn me beforehand?
I couldn't
drag Your Excellency into danger
alongside me.
But you must not risk yourself either.
No.
This place is no longer safe.
Let me escort you back at once.
I cannot leave, Your Excellency.
I can't leave.
I need to stay here
with the other candidates.
What did you say?
Well.
Strange as it sounds,
I tested them.
I'm convinced the Shadow Slay League
dare not harm me.
Hold still.
How does that relate to you
staying here?
Think about it.
If my guess holds true,
I can act
as their shield while I remain.
Is that what you intend to do?
We fought hard to launch this
national selection exam,
to gather talent for the Nine Cities.
Among these scholars,
one may emerge
to change the fate of Nine Cities.
So,
I have to stand beside you
and protect these vital pillars
of our cities.
I know you mean to help,
yet this place is far too perilous.
Trust me, Your Excellency.
Don't worry it.
Nothing will go wrong,
I promise.
On one condition.
I will leave Guardian Corps here
to safeguard you.
These texts
are all new to you.
I marked key passages; skim through them quickly to review.
Thank you, Your Excellency.
I've highlighted the key points.
Just do a quick review.
Yes, Teacher.
Second Young Master Zheng.
This must be Tian Yue,
the youngest scholar at Huan'e House
and Fan Yun's pupil.
I shall leave you two to talk.
Judging by your robes—
don't tell me
Second Young Master Zheng plans
to sit the recruitment exam too?
That's right.
Huan'e House gathers like-minded folk,
so I snuck out without my family's knowledge.
But,
this House is far from safe.
Bandits raided here yesterday.
Don't gamble
with your life, Second Young Master Zheng.
When the bandits saw
Lord Zheng's carriage parked out front,
they dare not strike.
You hold such
an exalted status.
Why sudden interest in
the recruitment exam?
I cared nothing for it at first,
but it caught my interest
once you took part.
I care not if I pass or fail;
the journey is all that matters.
Am I right?
You have quite the easygoing mindset.
Even if you can't sit the exam now,
I know you won't give up.
It would be nice to keep you company.
No need to keep me company.
What matters most is you don't add hurdles
for the civilian candidates.
Look what I brought—
pastries,
try some.
Thank you, Second Young Master Zheng.
I'd
rather stick with congee.
I shall
not trouble you further.
I'll share these treats with
the other scholars
to make acquaintances.
Everyone,
I've prepared pastries—
please help yourselves!
-Many thanks! Many thanks!
-Many thanks!
I'm Zheng Shi.
I'm new to this gathering.
It's an honor to study
alongside you all.
My exam result is irrelevant.
Making friends is what it counts to me.
Eat as much as you like,
there's plenty.
What?
Second Young Master Zheng?
It's him?
Don't go, everyone.
It's you.
They all
avoid me as if I'm a wild beast,
all because my surname is Zheng.
Second Young Master Zheng.
The longer
I know you,
the less I seem to understand you.
Your Excellency,
all selection exam papers
have been sealed.
They will be delivered to the examination
compound tomorrow,
and opened the day after.
But...
Speak your mind.
In years past, Lord Zheng
presided over the paper
unsealing ceremony.
But now,
we have no one designated for
the day after tomorrow's rite.
Lord Cai, I assign you
to oversee the unsealing.
Me?
Your Excellency,
that hardly seems proper.
It is His Excellency direct order—
what impropriety is there?
Exactly.
Your Excellency...
Your Excellency,
Lord Zheng requests an audience.
Summon him.
Your Excellency,
I apologize
for my tardiness at this
morning's assembly.
I beg your pardon.
You've arrived just in time.
Lord Cai was consulting me
on who shall preside over this year's
exam paper unsealing.
You've always handled this duty
in prior years.
I feared ill health might keep you
from the burden.
Rest assured, Your Excellency.
As long as I could walk,
I shall
uphold my duties
and never delegate this task to another.
That is ideal.
See how unyielding
Zheng was
in the main hall today?
See?
Zheng
is stubborn as a mule.
What gossip are you two
whispering about me now?
I said he is a stubborn...
I am a stubborn mule.
I said it.
Okay.
I said you are a stubborn mule.
Fine, Zheng.
I'll take tea in place of wine
to apologize to you.
Zheng,
don't stand on ceremony,
refusing this would be rude.
You two...
you two always rely
on this petty goading trick.
Can't you
come up with something new next time?
Fair enough,
we've used this ploy for thirty years.
It's grown stale.
Zhao,
try something new next time.
Alright, alright.
Come.
Tea instead of wine.
Here.
Have you interrogated the Shadow
Slay League member
we captured yesterday?
He fainted from fright
and hasn't woken up yet.
Have we posted watchers
around Huan'e House?
Gao Ran led the Guardian Corps
to disguise
as street vendors nearby Huan'e House.
They can move instantly at
the slightest trouble.
Guards are stationed at every entrance,
to make sure no one
brings weapon into Huan'e House.
This still isn't secure enough.
I must go there myself.
Get up.
Stop pretending.
Boss.
I knew you'd come save me.
You did?
Of course.
I admire you,
respect you,
and miss you more than anyone.
Then why did you attack her?
I...
I didn't know she was...
It was just a coincidence at the moment.
Should we cut out your tongue
or force needles down your throat?
I'm telling the truth.
I never...
I never meant to hurt her.
I know
she's the one you care for.
Even if
she doesn't return your feelings,
I'd never dare lay a hand on her,
Boss.
What did you say?
Boss, please trust me.
I really... I swear
I had no intention of harming her, Boss.
[Huan'e House]
Ask me anything you want today,
I'll tell you everything.
I grew up in the Zheng household
and never thought fame and wealth
mattered much.
I came to Huan'e House to see
what captivated you, staying up late
to study by lamplight.
It seems I imagined everything.
If everyone
chases fame and profit,
the Nine Cities would fall.
Thankfully,
His Excellency overcame all obstacles
to open the national selection exam.
And now,
common folk can take official posts
and work for the people's good.
You have such noble ideals.
Here,
let me toast you.
I'd rather not.
You and I
can never speak honestly to each other.
So, do drink
without me.
You look troubled.
Did something happen?
I'm surprised you'd worry about me.
Well, I'm wondering why.
There's one thing
I've long wanted to ask you.
Why was Lou Qiyan there
when the Shadow Slay League
tried to attack me?
Whether it's Lou Qiyan
or Zheng Shi,
Shadow Slay League will never
hurt you again.
So
those assassins
work for you?
They are blades in your hand.
You...
Second Young Master Zheng,
I beg you to order them
to leave innocent civilians alone
and never endanger the Nine Cities.
Okay, I promise you.
Fan Yun.
Stay by my side.
Guide me,
let your morals become mine.
I...
Second Young Master Zheng,
I have matters to attend to,
I'll take my leave.
Your Excellency,
bad news.
What did you say?
He's gone mad?
It's absolutely true.
When the Guardian Corps guards
woke to find
the prisoner still locked in the cell,
cackling nonstop,
muttering words
like "sound" and "fool".
The imperial physician found
several needles stuck in his body.
Once removed,
he could no longer speak coherently.
I underestimated my foe.
From today on,
keep a close eye on every move
Zheng Shi makes.
Qi Zheng's carriage.
Hold on!
Wait!
Qi Zheng!
Qi Zheng.
Why did you leave so soon?
You didn't even drop by
and say hello to me.
Do you need something from me?
If not, I have business to attend to.
Wait a minute.
What's wrong?
You
look upset.
Alright then.
If you're in a bad mood,
I won't bother you.
I'll head back first.
Did I say you could leave?
Take a carriage ride
around the town,
then escort Miss Fan
back to Huan'e House.
Go for a ride?
Where are we going for a ride?
Why are we going for another round?
Qi Zheng.
What are you sniffing?
You reek of the scent of men.
Scent of men?
I guess I do.
You...
Then this disguise as a man
will be harder
to see through from now on.
You're teasing me again.
Alright.
I have something for you.
Here.
What is this?
Calming herbal tea to quiet your mind,
so that foul scent won't
keep you awake.
You traveled all this way
just to bring me tea?
Yes.
Yes, I wanted to steady your mind
and stop you from losing control.
Really?
What are you doing?
Don't move.
Let me smell it.
You smell quite nice yourself.
It's just my natural elegant fragrance.
Do you carry a sachet?
No.
You sure?
I'm sure.
-You sure?
-I'm sure.
I don't have it.
-Hand it over, or I'll get it myself.
-It tickles!
I knew you had a sachet.
I saw it just now.
You hid it poorly.
This is not for you.
The wish of succeeding
in the imperial exam.
Don't lie, it's meant for me.
It smells wonderful.
It was meant for you.
I specially prayed for this charm for you.
You actually believe in such luck charms?
Of course I do.
I thought you'd sit the exam,
and I was so anxious
I went to pray for your
smooth progress.
You shouldn't believe these things.
Give it back to me.
Since you prayed for it for me,
it's mine now.
Thank you.
I was afraid it would make you sad
to see it.
Well,
let the past
be the past.
We have to move on anyway.
This is your heartfelt gift.
I will cherish it.
We've arrived at Huan'e House.
-What?
-I thought about it.
That sachet,
I only lent it to you temporarily.
Remember to return it later.
Fine, fine.
You're so petty.
Go.
I...
I'm...
I'm off now.
Your Excellency, you summoned me, a plain
commoner to this remote wilderness.
Is there an urgent matter?
A plain commoner?
You really know how to humble yourself.
You control both the Juyun Pavilion
and Shadow Slay League.
No one else across the Nine Cities
wields such power, except you,
a plain commoner.
I don't know what Your Excellency implies.
But Fan Yun told me
she would never draw her blade
against innocent civilians,
and I share
her view.
You are Lord Zheng's most valued grandson.
You'd be a valuable asset
if you serve me,
and I would welcome it.
Yet I hate
forcing others against their will.
You may have your own ways
to feed and enrich the people
of the Nine Cities,
yet those methods
may bring ruin to our realm.
As Governor, I must warn you:
any act harming the Nine Cities
will be fully investigated and punished.
When that time comes,
if you
or the Zheng clan
are involved,
there will be no mercy.
♪ Our hearts reach for the morning glow ♪
♪ Our dreams fear no barren land below ♪
♪ What matter if we fly against the wind ♪
♪ We vow to live up to
our youthful prime ♪
♪ To walk alongside ordinary folks alike ♪
♪ Sharing the same ray of light ♪
♪ Fear no strange land nor dim twilight ♪
♪ All for this boundless world ♪
♪ To wear a robe of radiant glory ♪
♪ Face the light, gaze ahead
with brave eyes ♪
♪ Let all darkness and hurt step aside ♪
♪ It's unstoppable ♪
♪ Chase the light, let our
dreams unfold wide ♪
♪ With bold resolve, ignite plain faith ♪
♪ Light them up ♪
♪ Let all wind and frost of days gone by ♪
♪ Turn to countless beams of light
within my eye ♪
♪ Await the sight of you ♪
Dressed so shabbily,
you dare take the same exam venue as us?
How shameless.
What's worse,
there's even a child here.
It seems they see me as
some strange curiosity.
As long as you don't think
poorly of yourself,
others' words can never hurt you.
Lord Yan.
Wei Rong,
your brother even bet with me,
saying you wouldn't come.
He never truly understands me.
As expected of Wei Rong.
So you are Wei Rong.
What is your relationship with Lord Yan?
How could Lord Yan befriend an eccentric?
Lord Yan is a knowledgeable man.
He must have his reasons.
Your Excellency.
Why are you here?
Weren't you
supposed to be at the examination academy?
In the academy, there are examiners.
But you
have no one to talk to beside you.
I thought you needed me
more than
the academy today.
Everyone has
stayed up late studying day
and night recently.
I hope
they all achieve good results.
What about you?
You worked just as hard
yet cannot sit the exam.
Doesn't it upset you?
I've told you many times.
I'm long past being sad.
Good.
I know you hate admitting you're hurt.
I even traveled all the way to the Bureau
of Sacred Rites
to sort things out.
What do you mean?
Even though you can't sit
for the exam to become
an official this time,
there is still a way.
Your Excellency.
Your Excellency, you find a way
without waiting until next year?